1170 consecutive hysterectomies: indications and pathology. MacKenzie IZ and Naish C and Rees M and Manek S
Endometrioid carcinoma of the ovary: a retrospective study. Tidy J and Mason WP
Urological complications of laparoscopic hysterectomy: a four-year review at KK Women's and Children's Hospital, Singapore. Siow A and Nikam YA and Ng C and Su MC
CT features of torsion of benign cystic teratoma of the ovary. Kim YH and Cho KS and Ha HK and Byun JY and Auh YH and Rhim HC and Shim JC and Cha SJ and Hur G
Successful treatment of asymptomatic endometriosis: does it benefit infertile women? Thomas EJ and Cooke ID
Uterine fibroid embolization fares well against hysterectomy, study says. Levenson D
Endovascular treatment in postpartum haemorrhage. Mansueto G and Contro A and Carbognin G and Liessi F and Zanconato G and Franchi M and Pozzi Mucelli R
Diagnosis and management of placenta accreta. Palacios-Jaraquemada JM
Endometrial endometrioid adenocarcinoma of the uterine corpus involving the cervix: some cases probably represent independent primaries. Jiang L and Malpica A and Deavers MT and Guo M and Villa LL and Nuovo G and Merino MJ and Silva EG
Hormone receptor expressions and proliferation markers in postmenopausal endometrial polyps. Inceboz US and Nese N and Uyar Y and Ozcakir HT and Kurtul O and Baytur YB and Kandiloglu AR and Caglar H and Fraser IS
A study on the serum pregnancy zone protein levels in pregnant women and patients with gynecological tumors. Teng H and Zhang WY and Zhu FQ
Risk factors and etiology in gynecologic cancer. Einhorn N
Predictors of hysterectomy as a treatment for menstrual symptoms. Graham M and James EL and Keleher H
Sheehan syndrome in Costa Rica: clinical experience with 60 cases. Gei-Guardia O and Soto-Herrera E and Gei-Brealey A and Chen-Ku CH
Cervical removal at hysterectomy for benign disease. Risks and benefits. Hasson HM
Transarterial embolization of the uterine arteries: patient reactions and effects on uterine vasculature. Aziz A and Petrucco OM and Makinoda S and Wikholm G and Svendsen P and Brannstrom M and Janson PO
Fibroid calcification after uterine artery embolization: ultrasonographic appearance and pathology. Nicholson TA and Pelage JP and Ettles DF
Progression of squamous cell carcinoma of the uterine cervix from cervical intraepithelial neoplasia infected with human papillomavirus: a retrospective follow-up study by in situ hybridization and polymerase chain reaction. Konno R and Sato S and Yajima A
Outcome of in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection after laparoscopic cystectomy for endometriomas. Esinler I and Bozdag G and Aybar F and Bayar U and Yarali H
Clear cell carcinoma of the ovary: light and electron microscopic studies. Ohkawa K and Amasaki H and Terashima Y and Aizawa S and Ishikawa E
Long term complications of vaginal hysterectomy: a case control study. Cosson M and Rajabally R and Querleu D and Crepin G
Total laparoscopic radical hysterectomy using Lee-Huang portal and McCartney transvaginal tube. Lee CL and Huang KG
Gardnerella vaginalis in posthysterectomy infection. Kristiansen FV and Frost L and Korsager B and Moller BR
Safety of Trans Vaginal Mesh procedure: retrospective study of 684 patients. Caquant F and Collinet P and Debodinance P and Berrocal J and Garbin O and Rosenthal C and Clave H and Villet R and Jacquetin B and Cosson M
Microwave endometrial ablation for menorrhagia caused by large submucous myomas. Kanaoka Y and Hirai K and Ishiko O
Topical use of tranexamic acid to control perioperative local bleeding in gynaecology patients with clotting disorders: two cases. Sarris I and Arafa A and Konaris L and Kadir RA
Surgical treatment of intracardiac leiomyomatosis. Gan HL and Zhang JQ and Zhou QW and Kong QY and Zhao S and Bo P
The importance of the endopelvic fascia repair during vaginal hysterectomy. Borenstein R and Elchalal U and Goldchmit R and Rosenman D and Ben-Hur H and Katz Z
Overview of current surgical management of fibroids: 'Organ-preserving modalities'. Elahi SM and Odejinmi F
Laparoscopic trachelectomy for persistent pelvic pain and endometriosis after supracervical hysterectomy. Nezhat CH and Nezhat F and Roemisch M and Seidman DS and Nezhat C
Abdominal vs vaginal hysterectomy: a comparative study of the postoperative quality of life and satisfaction. Silva-Filho AL and Werneck RA and de Magalhaes RS and Belo AV and Triginelli SA
Endometriosis persisting after castration: clinical characteristics and results of surgical management. Redwine DB
Uterine artery embolization versus hysterectomy in the treatment of symptomatic uterine fibroids (EMMY trial). Katsumori T and Kasahara T
A review of 165 cases of transvaginal sacrospinous colpopexy performed by the Endo Stitch technique. Rogers A and Barker G and Viggers J and Mason T and Swan J and Mayall P
Gynecologic masses: value of magnetic resonance imaging. Hricak H and Lacey C and Schriock E and Fisher MR and Amparo E and Dooms G and Jaffe R
Toxicity of weekly oral topotecan in relation to dosage for gynecologic malignancies: a phase I study. von Gruenigen VE and Frasure HE and Smith DA and Fusco NL and Eaton SM and DeBernardo RL and Heugel AM and Waggoner SE
Acute abdominal aortic thrombosis caused by paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. Riccioni G and Bucciarelli V and Bisceglia N and Totaro G and Scotti L and Aceto A and Martini F and Gallina S and Bucciarelli T and Macarini L
Acute appendicitis in females--a clinical study of 366 cases. Abu-Eshy SA and Ibn Ouf MA and Malatani TS and Abdul-Latif AB and al-Shehri M and Mahfouz A and Batouk AN and Hamdi JT
Acute abdominal pain in a teenager with anorexia nervosa. Lee KB and Fischer AC and Kooros K
[Evaluation of a four-year experience with laparoscopic surgery in Abidjan, Ivory Coast]. Casanelli JM and Keli E and N'Dri J and Aboua G and Keita M and Meneas G and Blegole C and Moussa B and Sidibe A and Toure JJ and Yamossou F and N'Guessan HA
Peritoneoscopy in general surgery. Cohen MM
A compilation of two decades of mutagenicity test results with the Ames Salmonella typhimurium and L5178Y mouse lymphoma cell mutation assays. Seifried HE and Seifried RM and Clarke JJ and Junghans TB and San RH
Phase I dose-escalation study of intravenous aflibercept administered in combination with irinotecan, 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin in patients with advanced solid tumours. Van Cutsem E and Khayat D and Verslype C and Billemont B and Tejpar S and Meric JB and Soussan-Lazard K and Assadourian S and Cartot-Cotton S and Rixe O
Tongue strength is associated with jumping mechanography performance and handgrip strength but not with classic functional tests in older adults. Buehring B and Hind J and Fidler E and Krueger D and Binkley N and Robbins J
Non-pancreatic retroperitoneal pseudocyst: a benign disease with non-specific symptoms. Prabhu R and Rodrigues G and Sarma YS and Benakatti R
Abdominal auscultation does not provide clear clinical diagnoses. Durup-Dickenson M and Christensen MK and Gade J
Evaluation of symptoms and signs of gallstone disease in patients admitted with upper abdominal pain. Wegge C and Kjaergaard J
Clear cell carcinoma of the ovary: a distinct histologic type with poor prognosis and resistance to platinum-based chemotherapy in stage III disease. Goff BA and Sainz de la Cuesta R and Muntz HG and Fleischhacker D and Ek M and Rice LW and Nikrui N and Tamimi HK and Cain JM and Greer BE and Fuller AF Jr
The effect of ovariectomy on dentin formation and caries in adult rats. Hietala EL and Larmas M
Changes in metabolism of collagen in genitourinary prolapse. Jackson SR and Avery NC and Tarlton JF and Eckford SD and Abrams P and Bailey AJ
Clinicopathologic study of fallopian tube closure after single transcervical insertion of quinacrine pellets. Merchant RN and Prabhu SR and Kessel E
Hysterectomy as treatment for complications of legal abortion. Grimes DA and Flock ML and Schulz KF and Cates W Jr
Medical audit of hysterectomy in the Hunter Area of New South Wales. Westphalen JB and Fraser S and Rea EE and Coulthard AC and Ng KH and Walters WA
Expression and possible role of interleukin-10 receptors in patients with adenomyosis. Qin X and Zhang H and Wang F and Xue J and Wen Z
Myomectomy after selective preoperative treatment with a gonadotropin releasing hormone analog. Hutchins FL Jr
The case for less-than-monthly progestogen in women on HT: is transvaginal ultrasound the key? Goldstein SR
Unexpected gynecologic neoplasms in patients with proven or suspected BRCA-1 or -2 mutations: implications for gross examination, cytology, and clinical follow-up. Agoff SN and Mendelin JE and Grieco VS and Garcia RL
Negative attitudes and affect do not predict elective hysterectomy: a prospective analysis from the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation. Gibson CJ and Bromberger JT and Weiss GE and Thurston RC and Sowers M and Matthews KA
Cervical cancer metastasis to the scalp presenting as alopecia neoplastica. Chung JJ and Namiki T and Johnson DW
Pseudomixoma peritonei: a case report. Cafiero F and Peressini A and Bertoglio S and Biscaldi E and Queirolo P and Moresco L and Mezaros P and Percivale P
[Preoperative diagnostic imaging in stump appendicitis]. Carcacia ID and Vazquez JL and Iribarren M and Pardellas H
Symptoms and diagnostic delay in ovarian cancer: a summary of the literature. Jayde V and White K and Blomfield P
Percutaneous-guided pain control: exploiting the neural basis of pain sensation. Adolph MD and Benedetti C
[Polymicrobial sepsis and perityphlic abscess: case report and review of literature]. Puljiz I and Kuzman I and Bayer K and Makek N and Desnica B
An unusual roentgen sign in--gangrenous appendicitis. Petersen RW
Comparison of pediatric laparoscopic appendectomy outcomes between teaching and nonteaching hospitals: a multi-institutional study. Lee SL and Yaghoubian A
[Malignant hyperthermia - therapy results with dantrolene. A case report]. Wagner W and Feldmann E
Acute segmental enteritis. Singh UK and Ojha P and Sinha RK and Suman S
Antacid-induced acute pancreatitis. Nykamp D and Kraus EJ
Missed appendicitis: mimicking urologic symptoms. Akhavizadegan H
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy (ESWL) of a renal calculus in a liver transplant recipient: report of a severe complication--a case report. Friedersdorff F and Buckendahl J and Fuller TF and Cash H
Assessment of neoadjuvant chemotherapy on operative parameters and outcome in patients with peritoneal dissemination from high-grade appendiceal cancer. Turner KM and Hanna NN and Zhu Y and Jain A and Kesmodel SB and Switzer RA and Taylor LM and Richard Alexander H Jr
Migration of pancreatic spontaneous dislodgement stent to the appendix. Takano S and Fukasawa M and Sato T and Takahashi E and Kadokura M and Shindo H and Enomoto N
Spontaneous idiopathic pneumoperitoneum presenting as an acute abdomen: a case report. Pitiakoudis M and Zezos P and Oikonomou A and Kirmanidis M and Kouklakis G and Simopoulos C
Low appendicular muscle mass is correlated with femoral neck bone mineral density loss in postmenopausal women. Orsatti FL and Nahas EA and Nahas-Neto J and Orsatti CL and Marocolo M and Barbosa-Neto O and da Mota GR
Diagnosis of acute appendicitis in children. Incesu L
Intra-thoracic appendicitis in a child with Down's syndrome. Parsons C and Naqvi S and Wheeler R
[Acute abdominal pain in immunodepressed patients]. Menegaux F
[Serum microRNA-21 usefulness in inflammatory pathology of the colon]. Menendez P and Villarejo P and Padilla D and Palomino T and Nieto P and Menendez JM and Rodriguez-Montes JA
The increased incidence of intraabdominal infections in laparoscopic procedures: potential causes, postoperative management, and prospective innovations. Strickland AK and Martindale RG
Acute vascular abdomen. General outlook and algorithms. Miani S and Boneschi M and La Penna A and Erba M and De Monti M and Giordanengo F
Cryptosporidiosis presenting as acute appendicitis: a case report. Buch K and Nguyen S and Divino CM and Weber K and Morotti RA
[Development of the postoperative adhesions in the small pelvic cavity]. Koiava ZA
Underrecognition of cervical Neisseria gonorrhoeae and Chlamydia trachomatis infections in pregnant patients in the ED. Krivochenitser R and Jones JS and Whalen D and Gardiner C
Abdominal pain in physical therapy practice: 3 patient cases. Rodeghero JR and Denninger TR and Ross MD
[Malpractice claims relating to the diagnosis and treatment of acute appendicitis--decisions of the Norddeutsche Schlichtungsstelle (Expert Panel for Extrajudicial Claims Resolution of the Medical Associations in Northern Germany)]. Vinz H and Neu J
Laparoscopic appendectomy in complicated appendicitis: Is it safe? Mohamed AA and Mahran KM
Nifedipine for the relief of renal colic: a double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial. Caravati EM and Runge JW and Bossart PJ and Martinez JC and Hartsell SC and Williamson SG
Pylephlebitis, portal-mesenteric thrombosis, and multiple liver abscesses owing to perforated appendicitis. Chang TN and Tang L and Keller K and Harrison MR and Farmer DL and Albanese CT
[Abdominal sonography in hereditary angioneurotic edema. A contribution to the early diagnosis of a disease of interdisciplinary significance]. Burghardt W and Wernze H
Systematic review: Abdominal and pelvic surgery in patients with irritable bowel syndrome. Hasler WL and Schoenfeld P
Primary torsion of the greater omentum in children - a neglected cause of acute abdomen? Valioulis I and Tzallas D and Kallintzis N
Elements of pharmacoeconomics. Balata A and Mannazzu MC and Oggiano R and Capello F
[Acute or toxemic form of schistosomiasis mansoni]. Neves J
Neutropenic enterocolitis in adults: systematic analysis of evidence quality. Gorschluter M and Mey U and Strehl J and Ziske C and Schepke M and Schmidt-Wolf IG and Sauerbruch T and Glasmacher A
The effects of interrupted or continuous administration of sevoflurane on preconditioning before cardio-pulmonary bypass in coronary artery surgery: comparison with continuous propofol. Bein B and Renner J and Caliebe D and Hanss R and Bauer M and Fraund S and Scholz J
[The French idea of science]. Lecourt D
[Surgery in pregnancy from the radiologist's point of view (author's transl)]. Sielaff HJ
A multidisciplinary systems-based practice learning experience and its impact on surgical residency education. Siri J and Reed AI and Flynn TC and Silver M and Behrns KE
Laparoscopy for suspected appendicitis in children: May a macroscopically normal appendix be left in situ? Dingemann J and Metzelder M and Kuebler JF and Ure B
Ultrasonography in emergency medicine. Heller MB and Verdile VP
[Intraportal air secondary to gastric dilatation. A clinical case]. Celoria G and Nardini A and Falco E and Montrucchio E and Pera M and Graziano M
Sonographic diagnosis of colitis in children. Baud C and Saguintaah M and Veyrac C and Couture A and Ferran JL and Barneon G and Veyrac M
Recognition of a pathological appendix during laparoscopy: a prospective study of 81 cases. Champault G and Taffinder N and Ziol M and Rizk N and Catheline JM
Bowel necrosis associated with early jejunal tube feeding. Patriti A and Graziosi L and Donini A
Age-related differences in fat-free mass, skeletal muscle, body cell mass and fat mass between 18 and 94 years. Kyle UG and Genton L and Hans D and Karsegard L and Slosman DO and Pichard C
[Is interval appendectomy necessary after conservative treatment of appendiceal masses?]. Eryilmaz R and Sahin M and Savas MR
Peritoneal mesothelioma presenting as an acute surgical abdomen due to jejunal perforation. Salemis NS and Tsiambas E and Gourgiotis S and Mela A and Karameris A and Tsohataridis E
[GASTRIC PERFORATION IN THE NEWBORN]. BOONANTS J and VANTURNHOUT G
[Diagnosis and treatment of diaphragm traumatic ruptures]. Gadzhiev ShM and Gurbanaliev IG and Abbasov F and Mamedov AS and Zeinalov ND and Iusifov IA
The acute abdomen. Saxon WD
Portal vein thrombosis. Wang JT and Zhao HY and Liu YL
Vegetarian diets and childhood obesity prevention. Sabate J and Wien M
Chronic and recurrent appendicitis are uncommon entities often misdiagnosed. Mattei P and Sola JE and Yeo CJ
Splenic hemorrhage: a complication of tissue plasminogen activator treatment. Cheung PK and Arnold JM and McLarty TD
[Infected urachal cyst]. Mailleux P and Tancredi MH and Neza S and Lefebvre Y and Coppens JP and Coulier B and Joris JP
Two nations: racial disparities in bloodstream infections recorded at Alice Springs Hospital, central Australia, 2001-2005. Einsiedel LJ and Woodman RJ
Lobaplatin as an adjuvant chemotherapy to surgery in canine appendicular osteosarcoma: a phase II evaluation. Kirpensteijn J and Teske E and Kik M and Klenner T and Rutteman GR
Bioabsorbable staple line reinforcement for laparoscopic gastrointestinal surgery. Nguyen NT and Longoria M and Chalifoux S and Wilson SE
Abdominal pain in neutropenic cancer patients. Starnes HF Jr and Moore FD Jr and Mentzer S and Osteen RT and Steele GD Jr and Wilson RE
A wandering spleen presenting as a pelvic mass: case report and review of the literature. Zarrintan S and Jamali F and Tubbs RS and Khaki AA and Salavati A and Tanoomand A
Using CT to evaluate the acute abdomen: spectrum of urinary pathology. Johnson GL and Fishman EK
[Systemic capillary leak syndrome]. Kjaergaard KD and Rickers H
Acute pancreatitis associated with Henoch-Schonlein purpura. Nie Y and Li W and Tong Z and Wang X and Li J
Role of leukocyte CD11/CD18 complex in endotoxic and septic shock in rabbits. Thomas JR and Harlan JM and Rice CL and Winn RK
Diagnostic evaluation of alanine aminopeptidase as serum marker for detecting cancer. Severini G and Gentilini L and Tirelli C
Computational modeling of the EGFR network elucidates control mechanisms regulating signal dynamics. Wang DY and Cardelli L and Phillips A and Piterman N and Fisher J
[Acute coronary syndrome in a patient with severe coronary artery disease after laparoscopic cholecystectomy]. Hobaika AB and Seiberlich E and Issa MR
Oral immunotherapy of chronic bronchitis: a double-blind placebo-controlled multicentre study. Cvoriscec B and Ustar M and Pardon R and Palecek I and Stipic-Markovic A and Zimic B
[Acute-phase proteins in appendicitis in childhood: new findings]. Meucci D and Messina M and Garzi A and Di Maggio G and Nocentini S and Bini L and Magi B
Laparoscopic surgical procedures. Donohue JH
[Invagination of the ileum as the etiology of acute abdomen in adults]. Schmidt SC and Langrehr JM and Rivas E
Laparoscopy for questionable appendicitis: can it reduce the negative appendectomy rate? Leape LL and Ramenofsky ML
[PEPTIC STENOSIS IN THE ESOPHAGUS IN A CHILD IN THE POSTOPERATIVE COMPLICATIONS OF AN APPENDECTOMY]. GAILLARD J and COUDRY M and MORGON A
Torsion of an epiploic appendix mimicking acute appendicitis. Hurreiz HS and Madavo CM
[Open appendectomy. When do we still need it?]. Reissfelder C and Mc Cafferty B and von Frankenberg M
Letter 4: Randomized clinical trial of antibiotic therapy versus appendicectomy as primary treatment of acute appendicitis in unselected patients (Br J Surg 2009; 96: 473-481). Majumder B
Familial Mediterranean fever--a not so unusual cause of abdominal pain. Simon A and van der Meer JW and Drenth JP
Usefulness of ultrasonography in acute appendicitis in early childhood. Chang YJ and Kong MS and Hsia SH and Wu CT and Lai MW and Yan DC and Chao HC and Chen CC and Chen SY
Fast evaluation of intraoperative biopsies for ganglia in Hirschsprung's disease. Staines WA and Bettolli M and De Carli C and Swinton E and Sweeney B and Krantis A and Rubin SZ
Acute uncomplicated appendicitis: case time of day influences hospital length of stay. Crandall M and Shapiro MB and Worley M and West MA
[Guideline on diagnosis and treatment of acute appendicitis: imaging prior to appendectomy is recommended]. Bakker OJ and Go PM and Puylaert JB and Kazemier G and Heij HA
Benign cystic mesothelioma presenting as acute abdominal pain in a young woman. Pollack CV Jr and Jorden RC
Laparoscopy in complicated pediatric appendicitis. Moraitis D and Kini SU and Annamaneni RK and Zitsman JL
Second relapse in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: a call for action. Kulkarni KP and Marwaha RK
Serum elastase in the diagnosis of acute pancreatitis: a prospective study. Wilson RB and Warusavitarne J and Crameri DM and Alvaro F and Davies DJ and Merrett N
[Laparoscopic appendectomy. Results and complications]. Mortensen J and Jepsen MH
[From classical open, via laparoscopic to a robot-assissted laparoscopic surgery]. Ryska M
Effect of fluid pressure on the hydraulic conductance of interstitium and fenestrated endothelium in the rabbit knee. Knight AD and Levick JR
[Idiopathic retroperitoneal fibrosis]. Greco P and Vaglio A and Manenti L and Corradi D and Ferretti S and Cortellini P and Ferrozzi F and Buzio C
A case of acute post-laparoscopy bowel hypermotility and treatment with hyoscine butylbromide. Bonnett TJ and Lashen H
Postpartum ovarian vein thrombosis. Hippach M and Meyberg R and Villena-Heinsen C and Mink D and Ertan AK and Schmidt W and Friedrich M
The 'Dr Google' phenomenon--missed appendicitis. Avery N and Ghandi J and Keating J
The sampling properties of some distance geometry algorithms applied to unconstrained polypeptide chains: a study of 1830 independently computed conformations. Havel TF
Hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy and cytoreductive surgery for peritoneal carcinomatosis of colorectal origin: a novel treatment strategy with promising results in selected patients. Moran BJ and Meade B and Murphy E
[Acute disorders of intestinal perfusion; a nonrigid abdomen may still be acute]. van der Waaij LA and van der Ven AJ and Jorning PJ and Nelis GF and Geelkerken RH
Review article: appendicitis in groin hernias. Meinke AK
Somatostatin and intestinal schistosomiasis: therapeutic and neuropathological implications in host-parasite interactions. Chatterjee S and De Man J and Van Marck E
Laparoscopic appendectomy. Brooks SL
Appendiceal mucocele of mucinous cystadenocarcinoma with a cutaneous fistula. Nakao A and Sato S and Nakashima A and Nabeyama A and Tanaka N
Gray-scale sonography in torsion of the testicular appendages. Hesser U and Rosenborg M and Gierup J and Karpe B and Nystrom A and Hedenborg L
Sources of healthcare financing among surgical patients in a rural Niger Delta practice in Nigeria. Dienye PO and Brisibe SF and Eke R
Portal thrombosis complicating appendicitis: ultrasound detection and hepatic computed tomography lobar attenuation alteration. Chan SC and Chan FL and Chau EM and Mok FP
Perforative peritonitis caused by appendicitis in a patient on peritoneal dialysis. Mizuno M and Suzuki Y and Nonaka K and Sei Y and Maruyama S and Matsuo S and Ito Y
EARLY SPREADING PERITONITIS. TILL AS
A peculiar cause of bowel obstruction. Tucker A and Garstin I
Suspected appendicitis in children: diagnostic importance of normal abdominopelvic CT findings with nonvisualized appendix. Garcia K and Hernanz-Schulman M and Bennett DL and Morrow SE and Yu C and Kan JH
[Acute acalculous cholecystitis as a complication of cerebrovascular disease]. Ushiyama M and Koike J and Zenisaka H and Seguchi K and Ikeda S and Yanagisawa N
Acute hip pain and inability to ambulate: a rare presentation for perirectal abscess. Smereck J and Ybarra M
Acute chest syndrome in the postoperative sickle cell patient. Delatte SJ and Hebra A and Tagge EP and Jackson S and Jacques K and Othersen HB Jr
The laparoscopic approach for perforated appendicitis, including cases complicated by abscess formation. Park HC and Yang DH and Lee BH
Diagnosis of macroamylasemia in a pregnant patient. Headley AJ and Blechman AN
A shared and unique epitope(s) on human colon, skin, and biliary epithelium detected by a monoclonal antibody. Das KM and Vecchi M and Sakamaki S
Incidental finding of appendiceal tubular adenoma by F-18 FDG PET/CT. Shi X and Wang X and Zhang X and Yi C and Chen Z
Stability of phage T4 lysozymes. I. Native properties and thermal stability of wild type and two mutant lysozymes. Elwell ML and Schellman JA
Anaplastic transformation of an atypical intraventricular meningioma with metastases to the liver: case report. Garcia-Conde M and Roldan-Delgado H and Martel-Barth-Hansen D and Manzano-Sanz C
The Alvarado score and acute appendicitis. Chan MY and Teo BS and Ng BL
Understanding attitudes toward affirmative action programs in employment: summary and meta-analysis of 35 years of research. Harrison DA and Kravitz DA and Mayer DM and Leslie LM and Lev-Arey D
Single-port laparoscopic surgery. Tsai AY and Selzer DJ
[Excessive hyperchylomicronemia--a rare cause of acute retrosternal and epigastric pain in pregnancy]. Sattler AM and Bock K and Schmidt S and Maisch B and Schaefer JR
Active site ligand stabilization of quaternary structures of glutamine synthetase from Escherichia coli. Maurizi MR and Ginsburg A
Clinical applications of C-reactive protein in pediatrics. Jaye DL and Waites KB
Clinical and CT findings of epiploic appendagitis within an inguinal hernia. Ozkurt H and Karatag O and Karaarslan E and Basak M
Evidence synthesis for decision making 4: inconsistency in networks of evidence based on randomized controlled trials. Dias S and Welton NJ and Sutton AJ and Caldwell DM and Lu G and Ades AE
[Viscero-synthesis and celioscopy. What relationship?]. Mouret P
Torsion of the testicular appendages: sonographic appearance. Strauss S and Faingold R and Manor H
Ultrasound-based decision making in the treatment of acute appendicitis in children. Kaneko K and Tsuda M
Endometriosis in menopause: a single institution experience. Morotti M and Remorgida V and Venturini PL and Ferrero S
Histological reactions to bites of Amblyomma variagatum and Rhipicephalus appendiculatus (Acari: Ixodidae) fed simultaneously on naive or sensitized rabbits. Latif AA and Maina JN and Dhadialla TS and Nokoe S
[Leukocyte count and CRP determination in acute appendicitis--does it affect the clinical findings?]. Andren-Sandberg A
Appendix not seen: the predictive value of secondary inflammatory sonographic signs. Estey A and Poonai N and Lim R
Sonography for right lower quadrant pain. Kim YS and Kim Y and Cho OK and Koh BH and Rhim H and Park DW and Park CK
Pelvic abscess following laparoscopic appendectomy. Frizelle FA and Hanna GB
Cytoreduction including total gastrectomy for pseudomyxoma peritonei. Sugarbaker PH
Endometrial adenocarcinoma and mucocele of the appendix: an unusual coexistence. Kalogiannidis I and Mavrona A and Grammenou S and Zacharioudakis G and Aggelidou S and Rousso D
Hydrolysis of thionopeptides by the aminopeptidase from Aeromonas proteolytica: insight into substrate binding. Bienvenue DL and Gilner D and Holz RC
Granulocytic sarcoma of the rectum: Report of one case that presented with rectal bleeding. Benjazia E and Khalifa M and Benabdelkader A and Laatiri A and Braham A and Letaief A and Bahri F
Developmental changes in the ultrastructure of the Sauromatum guttatum (Araceae) mitochondria. Skubatz H and Kunkel DD
Wandering spleen causing gastric outlet obstruction and pancreatitis. Sanchez R and Lobert P and Herman R and O'Malley R and Mychaliska G
IPEG guidelines for appendectomy. 
Polymorphism of sulfanilamide: (II) Stability hierarchy of alpha-, beta-, and gamma-forms from energy calculations by the atom-atom potential method and from the construction of the p, T phase diagram. Toscani S and Dzyabchenko A and Agafonov V and Dugue J and Ceolin R
